(bright music)
In our previous interviews with Dr. Harvey Bigelsen
we spoke of the damage done
to the body's immune system from surgery.
In this conversation we speak
about how the medical establishment
uses its power to keep new and alternative
treatments away from their client base.
Through coercion, legal witch hunts.
and law making.
Harvey knows this all too well
and he has written a book titled
"The Medical Conspiracy in America".
In addition we talked about some
exciting new news on stem cell therapy.
Harvey it's so good to see you again.
Everything moves on,
your work has moved on and progressed
in the last couple of years since we spoke.
And I just want to set this interview up
with some really glaring realities.
So that people understand the beginning point,
which is
and correct me on this.
Patient care is the what,
number one or number two
leading cause of death in the United States?
Actually it's number three.
200,000 people die a year from doctor's mistakes.
Okay, number three,
the third cause of death in the United States then.
This is significant.
This is something we need to have
brazened in our mind.
As we tend to give our power away
to these experts that are called doctors.
That they kill a quarter of a million people a year.
And it could be drug interactions
because they simply don't know
what the effects could be.
It could result from problems in surgery.
It could be negligence.
It could be any number of things.
But the point is we really need
to start questioning who these experts are.
If they're the third leading cause of death
in this country.
Oh, without question, to me,
first of all, I'm an MD.
MDs learn nothing about health.
I had not one minute of nutrition
in medical school.
Not one minute of structured
medical school, not one minute of
health in medical school.
Of health?
Not one minute of health in medical school.
All you're taught is disease management.
Disease management, yeah.
That's it. And the cause of disease,
you're not taught anything.
First year they're normal,
Second year you have the diseases.
I remember asking my professors,
"How did we get from a normal colon to colitis?"
And their answer was,
"Don't ask questions, just read the book
"and put those answers down."
And straightforward, "How do you get from one to the other?"
So is it any surprise so many people
die under the care of someone who
hasn't really been trained in wellness,
the understanding of disease,
the understanding of health?
And secondly, or thirdly, the
understanding of chronic disease.
And this is an area where medicine really
falls down, they really can't do a darn thing
to quote, cure it.
Outside of crisis medicine they haven't
cured one chronic disease in 100 years.
In 1910 Rockefeller gave actually the power
to the medical establishment,
since then not one chronic disease in 100 years.
Now if your car transmission failed.
And you went to the mechanic,
and the mechanic said he'd never
fixed a transmission in his life.
A, would you leave the car there?
Of course not.
B, would you ask him his expert advice?
No.
Well why do we do that with the MDs?
And yet we're completely brainwashed
in the western world to trust only our doctor.
And that's why I wanted to talk to you,
the book now, "Medical Conspiracy in America"
that you've printed that's available freely online
for anybody to see what the system,
how it's actually rigged.
We need to start exploring
how it is that people doing
really fine work in healing
and actually curing chronic diseases.
In the 19th century, the 20th century,
were literally run out of business by the AMA.
Just to begin that story
and to look at how this progressed
in your own story.
This is as much, this about your own story,
because you exemplify how this is managed
to the point where we don't trust anyone
except a classic MD doing allopathic medicine,
and this is totally by design.
It's brainwashing, I call it Orwellian propaganda.
All you hear on the news every night,
experts say this, experts say that
if you're a failure for 100 years,
how can you be an expert?
And all we're doing, medicine today
reminds me of the moron that lost a quarter
on a dark night and is looking
two blocks down the street
cause that's where the street lamp is.
(laughing) Okay, I get it.
So let's go back to some of the roots of it.
And get into the story of the conspiracy.
The medical conspiracy, and
I've taken some notes here.
What, 1847 AMA was formed,
but one of the things that really intrigued me
within that was there was a propaganda department.
Tell us about the AMA propaganda department,
and Dr. Arthur Kent, how did this whole thing begin?
Well, you know, first of all,
there are five licensed healthcare professionals
in the state of California.
You got MDs, osteopaths, chiropractors,
naturopaths, and acupuncturists.
The only one that organized in 1847,
the AMA organized.
They wanted to control the system.
Now I'm not sure,
I don't know that Kent,
but I do know that they set up
a propaganda system.
And that's exactly so much of what we are
is a propaganda system.
Every night on TV.
You'll see, "experts say this, experts say that."
You got pharmaceutical commercials
telling you go to see your doctor this,
go to tell your doctor that.
It's a brainwashing, it's a constant brainwashing.
MDs know nothing about health.
Zero.
Again, the cure rate is zero.
The United States is 37th in the world
in healthcare longevity.
What makes us so good with
such a failure, in 100 years,
you think someone would wake up.
But I look for the truth,
for me my oath is to the patient.
And I do my best, and I remember one case
that I fixed, and I had charges brought
against me by the Arizona Medical Board
that I cured a person with illegal means.
I mean, think of that concept.
I know, the book.
People need to go ahead and download this book.
and read it.
They need to find out how the system is working.
We're going to kind of take them through,
kind of do a little hop scotch through it.
By the way, another thing that I want to do,
look up Quack Watch and my name.
Right on the first page you'll see
I was censored, and they bring up
the papers for illegible handwriting.
I saw that, illegible handwriting.
(laughter) Okay, so we got in the middle
of the 19th century, the AMA comes along.
And first of all when the AMA organized,
what were some the effects of that
in terms of the other areas of medicine
that were licensed that you already spoke of.
What happened?
What really happens,
is the effective it really takes place in 1910,
with Rockefeller, okay?
The germ, fear of disease, come up
in the mid-1800's by Pasteur,
his rival said germs don't cause disease,
Antoine, said they can live in a diseased body
Pasteur on his death bed recants,
and says he's wrong.
However though, if you have
the germ theory disease,
you can develop the magic bullet
philosophy of therapy.
Rockefeller in 1910 sponsored the medical establishment.
In 1910 there's essentially five professions.
And they're all basically equal
until Rockefeller steps in.
He supports the medical establishment.
All the other schools lose their charter,
by 1947, Flower Fifth Ave of New York
is the last one that becomes a medical school,
it was a homeopathic school.
John Rockefeller died at the age of 97
a vegetarian all his life, never taken
a drug into his mouth and a
homeopathic physician in attendance.
Yeah, and this is a "follow the money" story.
And we talked about this in the last interview.
Follow the money.
It's all money.
They made massive amounts of money
in the pharmaceutical industry.
So Rockefeller, when he intervened and
started funding in essence medical schools,
the other schools were essentially shut down.
They were all shut down.
They all lost their charters
and that was basically it.
They all became secondary by the propaganda.
By the propaganda,
because by this time we're looking at
some collusion between governmental agencies
as the decades progressed, and also
with the media and the funding of advertising
for the media, which comes directly from
these same institutions and these same
mega corporations and media conglomerates.
It's all media control.
Which all that have to do with
the American Pharmaceutical Association.
It's all in bed together?
It's all media controlled.
Pharmaceutical industries makes a fortune
during our bad economy the pharmaceutical
industry is increasing.
Go to a drug store,
that's the only place with lines.
Well sure, because people are
so anxious you have to have
your anti-anxiety drug because you
just lost your job, of course.
Right, and all of these drugs
that they give you, realize they're all poisons.
There's no such thing as a side effect.
That makes it sound like it may not happen.
It's a direct effect.
So you will have those negative effects
if you take in a poison.
And now the average person
is taking five to seven a day.
Because every specalist
is giving someone a different poison.
And no one knows what the other
one is giving them, there's no real management
in terms of contraindications of all these drugs
people are taking.
There is no discussion.
Doctors are not talk to,
the pulmonologist doesn't talk to the cardiologist
and they may be in the same office,
each one giving different medicines.
That's dangerous, that's irresponsible.
It's so dangerous it's so scary.
You have no such thing as a side effect.
These are direct effects
that are negative and they are poisons.
So the AMA has managed to manage
the impressions of Americans that we should
be dependent only on them,
because everyone else other than
their sanctioned few which offer drugs and surgery
are quacks.
Correct.
And there was a committee
on quackery that was established what
in 1963 and they started going after
the remaining and those bold enough to
still enter the field of osteopathy
or chiropractic and so forth.
Naturopathy, acupuncture, all of those.
So what happened after that committee
was established, the committee on quackery?
Well that's when, the committee on quackery,
that's what set me up too.
Yes.
And it brought in the insurance companies,
and then they start to spy on you with
the insurance codes.
How does that work?
You were doing homeopathy.
I practiced, yeah, I'm an MD.
I have an MD license.
Just because I give a homeopathic remedy
is one thing versus a prescription is another thing.
What they did is actually they took
the people like me,
and they started to categorize them,
put them into the videos.
They started to smear them,
unless it is drug medicine, you have to be a quack.
Alternative means to me, secondary.
Right, secondary.
They are primary,
and I've asked people over the years,
"Can anyone name one single disease
"that's not infectious that they've cured
"in 100 years?"
Such as inflammation based diseases
like arthritis.
No cure for that.
No cure for heart disease.
No cure for lung disease.
No cure for colitis.
You take these medicines for the rest of your life.
You got it, maybe your genes got it,
maybe this happened, nature doesn't work that way.
Nature works very intelligently.
There are no accidents in nature.
So let's go back to this.
So you have the committee on quackery.
So they start going after people like you.
And then they have ingenious methods
that were put in place to start creating
a case against you.
The least of which is also seeing to it
that the insurance companies only cover,
again their favorite few so a patient
has no help, or assistance at all
outside of drugs or surgery.
Now that's one way, I know a lot of people
who would love to try other means of
more effective means of healing,
but they don't have the money for it,
and their insurance doesn't cover anything.
And they get sicker and sicker in the system.
So what did they do,
what did they do with you?
Let's do a little bit of a diagram of
the ways in which they came after you effectively
and shut you down ultimately.
Well, number one I was a loudmouth.
That put me in the front pages.
Healthcare estates rights.
I wrote a law in Arizona allowing MDs and osteopaths
that once they're licensed
they can go under their own law,
the homeopathic medical law.
That was completely different like
a chiropractic law.
The governor, Governor Babbitt, appointed me
to run the law and set the standards.
Well I became very outspoken
because we had now homeopathy
the philosophy was equal to medicine MD work
in Arizona.
Well I got on TV shows, I got on radio shows
and the next thing I knew all of a sudden
I had patients calling me that
Medicare was calling them
and they wanted to know about me
and stuff like that.
They then came in and started
to take files out of my office and
they even took two year old kid files out.
Two year old children?
Yeah.
I said, "You have no right to do that."
It made no difference,
they just smiled at me in their trench coats
carrying my boxes out.
And so they were doing this
because they were trying to catch you
on any kind of irregularity including illegible handwriting.
Anything.
Or if a patient complained,
they said, "Oh, he charged me too much for an office visit."
Well, they ended up indicting me
on 117 counts of Medicare fraud.
Totaling 3,500 dollars.
After three years.
Now my business at that time.
I had eight practitioners, 20 staff,
my business did over a couple million
dollars gross with all the practitioners.
So that was a lot of activity.
Right, and they found 3,500 dollars
of Medicare fraud they said.
At the same time Senator Bill Frist
opened a chain of HMOs around the country.
And he got a Medicare misdemeanor for 1.7 billion
And yours was not a misdemeanor.
No mine was a fraud.
Is that felony?
Felony. A felony for 3,500.
He got a misdemeanor for 1.7 billion
and wrote a check to cover it.
And went on to a life in politics.
Right, and I was basically,
we had to negotiate
because they would have thrown me in jail.
I got four years probation
and I did, the whole story was,
give up all your licenses and
get out of the United States.
That's what I was told.
And what were the nature
of some of these allegations that,
and also these kind of random audits.
That are not random at all.
That aren't even remotely random
they witch hunt.
Right.
So give us a few examples,
besides the illegible handwriting,
client complaining an office visit was 100 some dollars.
What were some other things that happened?
Well, first of all, the biggest thing is
the first audit that I had is where they picked out
those cases, those 28 cases of my 5,000 files.
They picked out the only 28 chelation
cases in my entire files.
So they went after chelation specificially?
That means it wasn't a random search.
No.
They looked at the codes,
which is a fourth amendment illegal
violation of spying.
So they started to audit chelation people
around the country.
22 other chelation people ordered
the same brand of audit that I was.
In fact, I just heard
another report going after the same subject
on NPR yesterday, there's another round
of trying to shut down chelation practices.
And so this continues.
But this was in what year?
When did this all start happening with you?
Oh mine, 1985 is when I first get my audit.
Now, you didn't think there was
a conspiracy of any kind at this time?
I was naive, I was naive.
And I should have stopped
and said wait a second.
I should have immediately said, no I don't want that audit.
I should have hired a lawyer.
And said prove this is a random audit.
It was physically impossible.
But I was naive.
If the same thing happened to me again,
I would have done it a different way.
Now, as time went on,
you were used as an example and held up high.
In the media even, Dateline, which
really skewered any kind of complimentary
and alternative medical practices with you
as their poster child.
Yes.
You were smeared all over
in the national media.
Yes.
What happened with that?
Well what's interesting what went on with that
is Dateline filmed me for about three hours
and if you watch the whole show
that they did I think it was '93,
you see me for about five minutes.
And you never see in almost all
of these interview shows, you'll see
the back of the head of one
and the face of the other.
So they're just splicing it in.
Oh of course, I know that well
from my days in news.
Right, they're just splicing it in.
If I were to know what they were doing,
after about two and half hours,
they started to get nasty
and I finally threw them out.
But they just cherry picked the whole thing
And it was sponsored by the industry.
Using the media is one way
to keep this kind of brainwashing moving.
Listen every night to the news story.
So you were publicly humiliated at this time.
Yes. I was publicly humiliated at that time.
I got basically, it ends up throwing me out
of the United States,
out of Arizona.
Did Medicare,
was there another step in there
where you...
Well Medicare brought up the charges against me.
I had the lowest indictment in Medicare history,
and the lowest conviction in Medicare history.
And yet you were stripped of everything.
Yes, I was basically, that's it.
It's a choice of jail or get out of the country.
So by this time your nerves were shot
you could see, and I want to get to this
other part in a bit where there's this
collusion between the agencies.
The American Pharmaceutical Association,
the FDA, the AMA, even the US Postal Service,
and help us tie those pieces together,
so we can understand how deep the process is.
But for you, your nerves were shattered by this time.
You just kept having one audit after the other.
Your body had almost given up the ghost,
you had three kids and a wife.
And I had so much intestinal stress out of it
I blew a hole in a diverticulum,
ended up with five surgeries and almost died.
And finally I had four years probation.
So interesting.
My new lawyer went into the court
just wanting to get me off probation
and the judge, the prosecutor said
"Well, we have our pound of flesh from him."
Yes, literally.
They got it.
They got what they wanted from you
They got what they wanted.
They made an example of you, but
you see the thing is you were high profile,
you had a thriving practice,
you wrote the law in Arizona,
you were helping a tremendous number of people,
without complaint, in fact with praise.
I never had an official complaint.
So they needed to take you down.
You were one of them they had to take down.
But you're not the only one.
There are quiet ones that are in the wings
that are trying to to do their practices
similar things have happened to.
Every alternative physician in the United States today
is like a Jewish person in Nazi Germany.
They're afraid that they're going
to be taken down for something ridiculous.
The control on it is so frightening.
everyone, they're all scared out there.
And there's got to be like 70,000 or something like that
that are into some type of alternative medicine
and they're all panicked.
You know, you had chosen to walk away
from the field of allopathic medicine a long time ago,
1976 as I recall in your book,
you walked away from it because you knew
that you were not helping people,
Correct.
And you had already been turned onto
various modalities that were helping people by this time.
You took an 80% pay decrease
Yes.
In order to have the privilege
of actually helping people find literal cures.
That's what I wanted to do in life.
It wasn't making money.
It's fixing people, that's what the goal is.
And it was so depressing that no one gets better.
The average doctor lives 40 years less
than the average person because deep down
inside they know they're all wrong.
They know they're not seeing
their clients get better.
They're not seeing anybody get any better.
It really is so upsetting.
Patient comes in, "I'm not better, I'm worse."
Yeah.
No,
I couldn't practice that way.
I had to find a way to get them better.
So you went to the trouble
of the education, continuing education,
and doing this practice,
and now we see where it landed you
which is basically without any licenses.
Yes, yes.
And for a while, you went over to Tijuana
to just to try to keep some of your clients going
just because you had to get over the border,
so you could even continue helping.
Try to make a living,
and live and continue what I'm doing.
Because the US said, I had someone in the US said,
"Why don't you go to another profession?"
Wait a second.
I spent 40 years of my life going this way,
I should now go own a store, what are you crazy?
And you're passionate about it.
I know you, and you have total passion
about every time you have a success story
you're so thrilled everyday
when someone walks out feeling better.
So you're a genuine healer by nature.
It's so exciting.
I get so much joy out of watching
a person improve and get better.
So meanwhile,
while you're getting on and trying
to do your thing.
There's a proliferation of these various agencies,
and so forth, and these various, I guess they would be,
task forces.
What about the National Council Against Health Fraud?
All of these different groups set up
to basically pick off one at a time
everyone that's not towing the mark.
That's exactly right.
All of this, again, it's a propaganda conspiracy,
look at the statistics we're so bad
in the United States, it's all drugs and poison,
but they make so much money
that's why the news, they talk about it all the time.
It's on all the time.
All the time, every time.
Every news show has
their own doctor now to give advice.
Right and with new exciting things
that always just around the horizon.
The only time the word cure is ever used
in medicine today is at the end
of a sentence.
We are searching for a,
we are close to a,
and medical doctor cannot offer you a cure.
Because since they've never cured anything
if they offer you a cure,
they can lose their license,
it's a false hope.
Yeah.
I was told straightforward,
you can't cure people,
you're not allowed to in the United States.
When you were going through
this whole journey of your own
it wasn't,
there had to be the,
they had to have accomplices,
in trying to remove you.
And they came to your own staff
and your own people.
And they threatened them,
if they didn't comply and testify against
you or give some type of testimony.
They called up my patients
and said if they didn't testify against me
they'd take away their Social Security and Medicare.
Now that's, they just frighten them,
that's illegal.
I had at least half a dozen patients call me
and tell me that story.
That someone from a federal agency called up
and threatened to take away their
Social Security and Medicare if they
did not testify against me.
Think of that.
The US Government threatened them
with something that's impossible.
Wow.
So it's very frightening,
To me, we don't realize how much
an Orwellian conspiracy this country's in.
We think we're a free country,
no we're not.
Like I said before,
they'll pay me a quarter of a million dollars
to cut your heart out of your chest
but they will not pay me money
to fix it in your chest.
They won't pay you 200 to fix it.
Right, and if I fix it,
they'll probably come after me
and arrest me.
Because when I fix things,
no one's fixed anything,
therefore you have to be a quack.
And it sounds like
the conspiracy may be
deepening a little bit.
Because now we have,
and I don't know if that's a
figurative or literal term in saying that,
if I'm even correct.
But we seem to have some
complications with Obamacare.
Oh that's, he's been so brainwashed,
the system is so brainwashed,
Obamacare is going to pay for the MDs,
but they're not going to pay
for the acupuncturists and the naturopaths
and that stuff.
So there's no choice.
You're given a monopoly.
That's a monopoly you're giving to one system.
Look it up.
I actually had a lawyer years ago,
a very famous lawyer,
who died in the middle of the case,
it was a shame.
Oh yeah, he worked with F Lee Bailey,
and high profile.
Yes, very high profile lawyer,
and we actually sued the federal government
for anti-trust.
And the judge did not throw it out.
They wanted to amend the suit
and Henry died during the suit
but we really had that
because what's going on today
in this country is,
it's a brainwash and it's horrible.
Look at statistics.
Can you imagine?
We're 37th in the world in longevity in healthcare
and we spend twice as much as the French
and look at us, look how fat we are.
Look at what we are,
look what the French eat.
3-5,000 calories a day, they're not fat.
You don't see fat frenchmen
but you see it in the United States.
And it's from those chemicals and poisons.
Everything you have,
anything with--
And they're trying to introduce
all of that into France now.
They're trying.
Yeah, it's the western world.
It's more of the western world.
When you look at the 37 countries
ahead of us, you're going to
find Oman, Morocco,
you're going to find third world countries
that live longer than us.
Because they're not getting poison
and their foods are fresh.
Yes.
To me, I like what Deepak Chopra says,
"Anything that's in a can or has a label on it
"is not human."
Yeah, not fit for human consumption.
Not fit for human consumption.
So, we and people can go ahead
and download this book,
it's on your website, "Medical Conspiracy in America"
and then go through
step by step how the system takes people down.
Because we just kind of touched
on a little bit of it because I want to get
on a little bit more on Obamacare.
And what is that going,
what does that offer us,
where does that limit us,
besides what you said just a moment ago
that it won't pay out for any
of the other types of modalities.
It gives the, it's going to give
the medical professionals a monopoly.
But don't they have that already?
Is it really any different from
where we are right now?
It's going to make it more so.
So the Medicare one especially,
we're having the baby boomers hitting that.
Well, every baby boomer they imagined,
to me what doctors are today,
is they have a knife in one hand
and drool coming out of their mouth
as soon as the patient comes in.
And the moment a Medicare patient comes in.
That's quite a vision.
Okay, they can't wait to find something to cut.
"Oh you need this cut.
"We don't know about that
"We need that cut"
so they can make money.
And Obamacare is leading to that
and zero.
So we really won't,
what will we do effectively,
I mean right now people are paying out of pocket
for acupuncture and most of these modalities anyway.
So will it have any real effect on those of us
who are already willing to take responsibility for
and pay out of pocket for our healthcare?
The biggest responsibility,
the biggest effect it'll have on you is
it's going to cost you money.
The other way, see,
you can get medical doctors for free.
But if you want to go to the acupuncturist,
it's going to cost you money.
And that's the name of the game over there.
Here for free,
and it's--
It's totally loaded in that direction.
Is there a larger conspiracy that you see
in all of this?
When you look at, besides the profit motive
which is huge, we know that's kind of,
follow the money, pretty much you can take,
everything that happens on a,
whether it's a state, federal, whatever level,
public sector level,
we can take that back to money.
But is there anything beyond that,
about the degeneration of the health
of a nation and nations in the west.
Many have questions on that.
I think the United States is probably
the most chemicalized nation.
Is that intentional or not?
I think it's partly intentional.
Partly some of the stuff that is
put in the medication makes you a robot,
makes you puppet so you're going to listen.
I think those medications have dumbed-down our country.
We're not the top country in the world anymore.
Education.
We're probably about,
we don't rank high in education.
Okay in this country.
And it all I think is a lot of dumbing-down
of the system of the,
it's a fascist system,
it's the big business controls it,
and it's the dumbing down of the control
of that thing.
Oh you see it on TV,
"Go to your doctor for this,
"go to your doctor for that"
That's just programming.
That's just programming in
an Orwellian propaganda.
What is it?
It's control, control, control, control.
They also control the politics,
because it's the lobbyists that
pay for the campaigns.
So the bigger the business,
the more money they're giving it,
and they're controlling it.
And that's what's going on
with Obama, he ran free to a certain degree,
but now in there he's changing,
he's dancing around because
if he wants to get elected again
and the Republicans got elected this time
and beat him a lot,
he's got to listen to the lobbyists.
Oh, they all do.
Doesn't matter,
just put a new face in.
They'll march to the tune.
Right, and I think he was just naive on it.
Now he's caught.
President's a short termer,
they only got eight years but.
And these agendas take
decades to implement sometimes.
Yes.
And there's a much larger
amount at stake for those who are
creating these agendas and carrying
them forth.
President like you say,
he's a puppet for four years.
That's right, that's right.
It's the system that's in control,
we think the President controls them.
We should.
Obama does not use the bully pulpit the way he should.
He loves consensus and he does
what the industry, the lobbyists are
really directing him towards.
And it's sad watching him.
So for you Obamacare big thumbs down.
Oh, it's going to be a horror show,
it's going to cost us a fortune
and it's a failure.
You're going to give it all to the MDs
who haven't cured anything in 100 years?
I mean why give it to a failure?
Because the failure has people
that are paying you off to do that.
Yeah, meanwhile
let's go back to you and others like you
that have been through this kind of dance.
Although yours was particularly severe
as documented in your book.
But you're still here,
you still have an office,
let's talk about how your life works now,
in the field of assisting people
to heal their bodies.
What are your constraints
and so forth?
Well first of all, we've done it before,
I studied the blood live.
But I'm not allowed to touch a patient
because I don't have a license.
So the patient can actually
stick their own finger.
And you have other people that work
in your office that can do these things.
I do have other people
that do some stuff
that do body manipulation.
But then I look at the blood from there,
I'll start to direct the treatments on that.
I have a very very busy practice,
the treatments I use essentially
are all European.
What I do is I don't just stop the problem,
I regenerate tissue.
Very important.
Let's talk about that.
Let's talk about it from say, let's use
let's use the heart.
Someone who has heart disease.
Yes.
Let's just isolate on that for a moment
and how this works because
some of this has progressed
since we last talked.
Yes, definitely
And I want to talk about
some of what you've learned
in the last couple of years
as you continue down this path.
First of all, the heart's a glamour organ,
it does only one thing,
if it fails, the world knows it.
The liver does 500 things,
if it fails on two or three,
who the hell knows it?
And the heart only does one thing,
it's helped by the diaphragm,
the chest and the lungs all work
like a bellows on the heart, helping it.
If that chest wall is out of align
if that bellow is out of align
that heart may go irregular.
So, the most important thing,
the first thing you look at,
is the structure of the body.
In evolution, function created structure.
Giraffes made their necks higher
because the ice age made the trees higher.
The lore of biological medicine
is structure precedes function.
Open up the structure, expand it,
get them breathing.
The most, biggest damage to structure
that we have found
and I found in the past number of years
since we've talked before.
Is an injury to the body,
and the biggest injury is a knife wound.
And we call that surgery.
Now, what that surgery do,
if I cut your appendix out,
we say an appendix doesn't mean anything,
a dumb creator put this thing in there.
That it only bursts.
So I cut your appendix out.
Now that scar is a traction line
that is pulling on your whole body.
Now there's five diaphragms of the body
the diaphragm is constantly pumping,
the body is constantly expanding and contracting.
That scar pulls it and blocks it
and is like a dam.
At the dam garbage accumulates
circulation doesn't get through
the body can't expand
and contract or I call it body respiration.
So you think about it, the worst injury
is surgery and now surgery is doing
so much to the body.
So I go after the surgical wounds,
I treat the scars.
Then we manipulate the body,
the scar treatments are called neuro-therapy.
I can start to loosen them up
by my treatments and as I loosen them up
the osteopath as we start to stretch the body
the body can now breathe better.
One question at this point.
How many people that come to you
will put the pieces together enough to say
"You know, I had this surgery and
"I never been quite right since then."
Is that common?
No, they don't realize it till they come to me
and I tell them that.
Like it's so common to get people,
lyme disease now is an epidemic,
they're blaming it on the germ.
It's not the germ.
Typical case comes in,
lyme disease now for two years,
he got it two years in 2008,
six months before that he had a vasectomy.
And we talked about this,
in the last interview.
And that's, you are finding,
there usually is this other trauma
preceding a lot of events.
Yes.
I mean, when you go back,
most of the people you see,
do you find after they start doing
a little bit of detective work
that the problem started after a surgery?
80% are so obvious it's incredible.
Their problem started within
six months to a year after surgery.
First thing i'll look at is the surgical history,
when did they start to develop,
when are the complaints,
and you can see the match up so clearly.
That my office staff, my secretaries,
can look at the history and say,
"Oh, yeah when they took the uterus out
"they did a hysterectomy--"
Now this has happened.
Right, right.
Okay, so, a moment ago, I also wanted to clarify
one other thing, when you said
"the scar starts pulling."
So you have your appendix scar starts pulling,
do you mean that energetically, physically,
all of the above? What happens?
The physical body to me is a magnificent machine
created by God or nature or whatever,
it's magnificent.
We have a diaphragm in the pelvis,
we have one here,
we have one in our throat,
two in the brain that are constantly pumping.
The whole body is expanding,
contracting and breathing.
Now if I cut you in the belly.
That scar, as it starts to form,
pulls things tighter and tighter.
As it pulls it tighter and tighter now
that pelvis diaphragm cannot pump.
And if it can't pump
then that air is going to get weaker and weaker.
It's not getting its circulation,
it's supply to the area.
The breathing in the body,
the whole body is moving in breathing.
The only time that it stops moving in breathing
is something is dead or restricting it.
Yeah, so that makes sense.
So when you have any kind of trauma
like a surgical cut, you're
going to have a tightening and hardening in that area.
And the adhesions, the scaring pulls adhesions
and pulls it and blocks that area, yes.
I cured 80% of diseases, one of two treatments,
by hitting the scars and treating the scars,
neuro-therapy it opens them up
and the patient limped into the office
and now walks out of the office.
Totally in disbelief.
Yeah, it is amazing isn't it?
It's so much fun.
Lyme disease, they blame it on the germ,
you can see it all the time.
So even though we talked
about lyme disease a little bit last time
just please go ahead because it seems
like it's making the news more and more.
Okay, well it's making the news more and more
because doctors now are making less and less
and more surgeries are being done.
It's amount of surgeries.
20% of new physicians are going
to plastic surgery.
20%?
20% of applicants are going to plastic surgery.
That's what they're wanting.
That's not medicine
that's barbaric cosmetology I call it.
2% are going into general practice,
into that type of thing.
But now a days, doctors,
when I went to medical school,
doctors made a lot of money.
They were very high in the middle income.
Now, because of insurances, they're not there,
so they need to, they're raising their bills
as high as they can,
and surgery, surgery, let's do this,
no big deal here, no big deal there.
It is a big deal,
just because you're asleep,
and don't feel the knife,
the body feels it,
the body knows it, the appendix,
when you put a knife in that belly,
they know it.
30% of women have had hysterectomy
after the age of 50.
You don't need it anymore.
And how many people giving birth
what percentage have Cesarean?
That is another thing, 30% again.
In that area having c-sections.
Well we've been giving birth
for many many thousands
of tens of thousands
of hundreds of thousands of years
without the need for surgery.
You know, if the creator wanted us
to have a c-section he would put
a zipper on the belly or something like that.
I mean I can understand it in the case
of having to save the life of the mother and baby.
Totally.
And I was there.
Right, and I understand that.
But most of the time, if you have a good osteopath,
they can manipulate, they keep the baby straight,
keep the baby lined up and
it's done that way.
And the purpose, the vaginal birth
is very important because the contractions
there are five diaphragms to the body,
that starts the diaphragms pumping.
When you pull a kid out Cesarean,
the kid's limp,
he never get's that good first breath.
Totally a different ball here.
They're running behind the eight-ball
by being pulled out Cesarean.
So let's go back for a moment to lyme disease,
so as you seen in people,
wherever there's lyme disease,
you've usually seen previous surgeries
in the individual most of the time.
And so how does this end up
as a diagnosis of lyme disease?
Does it just make a more fertile ground?
What it is, there's two theories,
the germ cause disease,
and germs live in disease bodies is the other theory.
Now, according to Pasteur,
what he really said is a strep
is always a strep.
You have strep in your throat,
I have strep in my throat,
we all have strep,
how can we not have strep throat?
Now in life everything changes.
Trees change, grass changes,
we grow, everything grows,
so why doesn't a germ change?
It does.
Royal Rife did years ago
he took an e-coli germ and he grew it
in a culture plate.
And he changed the pH of the culture plate.
Changed the oxygen, and low and behold,
it became a thyroid bacteria.
And as he kept on changing the pH,
it morphed itself into a germ
that created cancer.
If he put the pH back to the standard one
it went back to it's normal e. coli.
Germs change and adapt.
So it goes on the body,
it you get a cut someplace, surgery.
Now, surgery's a block,
it sets up a stagnant pond.
In the stagnant pond the germs are growing.
It's not the germs,
it's the stagnation that's creating the problem.
The germ just want it's food.
Now it's stagnant,
it's not getting its food,
it changes it's waste products to
bring in a fever so more circulation
will come in so the germ can get his food.
It's not doing anything negative,
it's trying to survive.
It doesn't want to kill the host.
If it kills the host, it dies.
So you've seen a lot of lyme
in the last couple of years since I last saw you?
Lyme disease is increasing geometrically, okay?
I'm seeing I would say three out of every four
new patients are lyme cases.
And again, I could tell the secretary in the office,
looks at the sheet and says,
"Oh, there it is, very obvious."
You look at them, 80%
it's so simply incredible to diagnose
where their weakening began.
I look at the body like an eights on the car
but what happened in lyme
is some doctors thrown away
two or three syllabuses.
Yeah.
And now the germ is going in that,
and they say you have chronic fatigue,
you have lyme, etc.
And all these people are treating lyme disease,
traditional people don't even think is such a disease.
They think people lied.
By the way I've never had a patient
come in and pay me money and lie.
Yeah.
Medical doctors do think that,
that the patient is making it up.
The alternative doctors are treating the germ,
with natural stuff, but it's not the germ,
it's the stagnation.
That's the key.
The first thing you got to do
is break the stagnation and open the body up
and let it respirate,
the body heals itself better than anything.
You just got to get things going
in the right direction.
So, obviously, it wouldn't be
just lyme disease with the increase
in both, through disease, or whatever
you want to call it, dysfunction of some kind,
with the increase in surgeries that are occurring.
And also elective surgeries that are occurring.
You must be seeing an increase
in pretty much everything across the board then.
This is why the US keeps on dropping in longevity,
our healthcare, we keep getting less and less.
Because doctors are doing more and more surgeries.
To me when I was a traditional MD,
I was taught surgery is the last thing you do.
Now it's almost the first resort.
Now it's the first thing you do.
Yeah.
And some of the surgeries, like you said,
cosmetic surgery is just barbaric.
Yeah.
Some of the surgery they're doing now
is so ridiculous and I can't,
you can operate on one little vessel
over here that that has nothing
to do with the chest, you're missing
the whole reason why and
you're cutting this great creation apart arrogantly.
Yeah.
Arrogant. I mean the arrogance of the system,
no big deal, we'll put a knife in you.
It's a big deal.
Yeah, it's a big deal.
So let's talk about some of the things
since I last saw you that are coming around
that you've been excited about.
Some of the kind of,
maybe a couple of new findings,
in a couple of cases, surprising results.
Well, first of all, new things that are coming about,
I'm very excited with some
of my new treatments.
My treatments, I get my remedies,
mainly from Germany and from France,
the French have been doing pig embryonic
stem cells, porcine embryonic stem cells for 20 years.
And they made the molecule so small
that you could drink it and the FDA
lets it in as a food stuff.
And the first time that I tried that,
I gave some brain material
to an Alzheimer's patient,
as I walked in to see another case,
she was sitting in the waiting,
waiting with her daughter.
I gave her some of the brain cells,
I walked in saw my patient,
came out a half hour later,
and she looked at me,
she goes, "Dr. Bigelsen what am I doing here?"
Really?
I mean it just, this with the stem cells.
And you can see it happening in the blood.
They get in the blood fast.
I'm so astounded first time I saw it.
My first stem cell case was a gal
that was a quadriplegic, like Christoper Reeve,
and we did this in Mexico,
but we used actually brain tissue
which we got from a cadaver
and we used it on her spinal cord back.
Now the French are doing it with pig cells.
It's incredible,
stem cell to me is the future.
The US does it everything,
what I call Las Vegas Glitz and Gloss.
If you want stem cell transplant in the US,
it's going to cost you a quarter of a million dollars.
You want to get the stem cells from France, 100 bucks.
Big difference.
And you drink the darn things
and they work.
And the porcine part is really important.
It's more biocompatible with the--
It's very compatible, right.
with the human, feel.
I have seen, I have done now for
over a year on this stuff and I have seen
no negative effects on them.
So there's no need to even explore
the subject then, of human stem cells,
any further is there?
I don't think it's necessary, no.
So doesn't that take all the moral
ethical issues that surrounded it out of it?
Or like you say, a great number of them out of the question?
But the US does everything big and fancy.
So we got to do it, I'm reading about
how they're taking one brother and
they're going to use bone marrow transplant
from that one to that one
for a quarter million dollars.
The US likes to do everything
big and fancy and make it expensive.
So let's talk about that.
Say the taking out of one brother
to put into the other, the bone marrow.
What is the possibility
if you have stem cells,
porcine stem cells in a situation like that.
It's really, honestly, I've regenerated bone marrow
with stuff with the porcine stem cells.
I've regenerated just about everything
with patients, you can see them.
They come in, their liver tests are off,
I treat their problems, give them that,
you can see their liver tests are changing.
Their breathing tests will change
their cardiogram will change
the blood pressure will change.
Stem cells are the future.
I'm 70 years old now,
every day old cells are dying in my body
and new cells are being born.
But they are being born to fit a 70 year old
when I take the stem cells,
they are now being born to fit a 50 year old.
So now people are starting
to talk about questions having to do
with enhanced life spans, and not immortality
exactly but enhanced life spans, enhanced quality of life.
And for you it's more of a quality of life issue.
Right, I do not want to be infirmed,
it's a quality of life, that's why I'm doing this, yes.
So can you tell us some of the,
because stem cells because,
people are curious about it, and very excited
about this potential.
And now that you say,
is this under threat to be banned in the US?
The US is so arrogant,
I don't think they see these things yet happening.
Okay.
I'm probably one of the few peole
that's doing this work.
I know a gal that's importing them in Florida
and I'm getting it from her, and she
keeps saying, "tell some more people"
it's like, "they don't believe me."
And she's been playing the game twenty years.
Well this is exciting.
What are some of the conditions
that people have come here with?
That you have been able to help
their bodies reverse?
Well one the other day, was a great one,
was an MS case.
And she could move her feet,
but she couldn't stand.
She was in a wheelchair,
her legs were waisted to a certain degree.
She could move her toes,
and it all happened, a lot of it happened,
after disc surgery and lumbar disc surgery.
We treated the lumbar disc surgery
and then I gave her spinal good stem cells.
She stood up.
In my office, she hadn't stood up in ten years.
Now does this hold,
or is it just a passing effect?
She's going to get better.
The stem cells, when I give you the stem cells,
they take the stimulated body,
regenerate over the next eight months,
so it's going to continue to regenerate.
I'll bet next time she comes into
the office she will have no wheelchair.
I remember my first one,
a bad lyme case.
She came in, the mother carried her out of the van.
She was 17 years old, she weighed 93 pounds,
put her in her wheelchair and moved her.
Came into the office that way.
By the end of the week
she was dancing with the wheelchair
holding it and walking around
and just joking.
She's now completely off her medication
she's up to 113 pounds,
she's going to be going to school.
And it was the stem cells that
pulled her right back up.
But it was the difference between
one week in a wheelchair, you see it,
and at the end of the week,
she was running around the office,
pushing the wheelchair around and laughing,
What about,
I'm going to ask you about a few things
if there's any history in these areas
because this is very, I'm sure people
listening to this, this is very hopeful information.
Oh yeah.
Especially in the sea
in the problems that face them in the medical industry.
And that is, what about eyes?
Can anything be done like glaucoma
or any of these kinds of.
I think so. I got stem cells for the eyes, I bet.
I don't have a glaucoma case.
You haven't had to do it with, yeah.
I haven't had to do it with that.
There's no reason why, glaucoma has narrow angles on it,
there's a tightness in the eye.
But I'll bet the stem cells would really help that
and make, because they make everything younger.
What about bone loss?
And teeth and mouth?
Oh, bone loss it's great.
Osteoporosis, big difference.
I've actually had people,
you'll see the difference on the x-rays.
Really?
What about bone loss in the mouth
for people as they age they tend to
a lot of people tend to have bone loss.
Bone loss all over, wherever it is,
it'll, like I have some implants in here,
but basically, some of the things
that happened to me is
I also they were pretty well stunned
that I took some bone stuff beforehand
and my bones were so solid
that implants were a six month process.
They couldn't believe how much
my bones grew and how much my jaw changed
as they took the bones cells.
So it helps with bone, yes.
We already talked about heart.
It helps with heart.
I've cured ulcers,
I've cured intestinal diseases with it.
Colon diseases?
I myself was operated on when I was 3 weeks old.
They started off on me.
I've always had an intestinal stress.
Not anymore, I can eat foods
that I haven't eaten in 20 years.
That's fabulous.
Because of these stem cells.
It's made my system much more efficient.
What about severe cases of arthritis?
I can essentially,
we can start to get them moving.
Arthritis is a rusty joint.
You got to start to get the joint lubricated,
so there's bone and joint material
that I can use,
that starts to separate.
Then you have to do
osteopath manipulation,
get the bones away, so it's separated.
And it regenerates fast.
If you break a leg it regenerates,
the bone regenerates.
Sure, yeah,
Well, there it goes.
Everything regenerates in the body but the nervous system.
But we're finding through
if I can pull people out of Alzheimers
and there's some life left in the nervous system
we can regenerate it.
What about cancers?
Cancer is a different story.
Cancer is a mold.
They say.
And that's controversial.
Well, you know,
Right?
to me it's not controversial,
to me it's so obvious its incredible.
I know, but on the outside it's controversial.
Yeah it's controversial because
they keep on looking for genes that cause it
which is mathematically stupid.
And now tell me what convinced you
it was a mold.
The way it spreads.
Every cancer, it's not random.
They say it's one cell that goes wild.
Breast cancer, they skyrocketed breast cancer
when they gave women hormonal therapy
for menopause and then they told the women
that you're going to get osteoporosis.
They gave them calcium to fix the bones.
Well the major food source for breast cancer
is calcium.
And breast cancer will go to 20 spots
in the bones first before it goes any place else.
Now they say it's one cell that breaks off
gets into a vessel, circulates and randomly stops
some places and grows.
No, not if breast cancer gets transpoted
to the bones and no place else.
There's no such thing as randomness in nature.
So when I see,
when I'm looking at a cancer case.
First of all, it's a mold.
If I have a mold of cream cheese,
and I cut the mold up in twelve spots,
the whole cream cheese is rotten.
So if you starting a breast cancer
or a colon cancer,
already the cream cheese is rotting pretty good.
The nice thing with stem cells,
what we're doing is I do recommend chemo
and stuff like that, because
the cancer produces a poison,
the mold produces a poison,
that destroys the body,
but I'll use very very low doses,
then I use stem cells to regenerate.
And since then we have had some remarkable
changes on that putting life back
in the system, cancer is anti-life.
And that's not just breast cancer,
but other forms of cancer.
All cancer is anti-life.
Right, but I mean what you say.
in terms of using stem cells as a,
not back up, but a secondary,
a complimentary.
It's very complimentary,
there's two local oncologists in this town
and I send them my patients for chemo.
A lot of patients dont want it
but I say, "No you gotta get some"
But one of the patients came back the other day,
and the oncologist says,
"What is this guy doing?
"Because you're better than any
"of my other cases.
"How come his patients are always
"better than everyone else's?"
Yeah, well what about the notion
that, I just have to ask you this because
a lot of people listening will be shocked
that you would say you would reccomend
that someone have chemo when it has such
a destructive effect on the immune system.
Why would you say that chemo is an option?
First of all, I don't throw the baby
out with the bathwater.
I can integrate them,
they can't integrate me.
Cancer's a mold, and that mold
is creating a poison which is destroying the body.
Pancreas cancer is the size
of a pinky now, and you can die from that.
So it's not obstruction,
it's the poison from the cancer.
So you have to get rid of it.
If you can't cut it out,
I'm not against using those poisons
because I can regenerate the tissues.
And I use them, they'll tell you
to use the poisons for up to six weeks,
when I studied blood,
I start to use the chemo,
as soon as I can see the cancer
dying in the blood,
I immediately back off the chemo.
Right, and then the stem cells take over.
The stem cells take over more and more.
And are you having good success with this?
Yes. I'm getting very exciting success with it.
I think stem cells are by far the future.
And I looked at myself in first grade
but still more than anyone in North America.
The potential of what's going on
with these stem cells.
The US by the way, will give you
brain stem cell, they'll drill a hole in your brain.
In your skull to put it in there.
No, I'll give it to you orally.
So now what would make you think
that while you're doing this
the same thing is not going to
happen to you again?
It happened when you were doing homeopathy,
and other treatments.
Well, number one,
they took away my license. I don't have a license now,
That's true you have nothing to lose.
I have nothing to lose.
The only thing they can do me is
what I call assassinate me,
because they can't throw me out
I have nothing to lose, everything I do
is totally natural, considered food stuff,
there's nothing they can do about it.
But what does that mean
for the potential growth for other doctors
and other types of medical practitioners that
might want to embrace this and take it on
what are they going to have to deal with
if they take stem cells on?
What are they going to have to deal with?
They're going to have to change the legislation.
I actually asked several lawyers questions
what do they do with that,
because it's anti-trust for Obamacare,
and they said "you're just going to have
"to change the legislation."
Otherwise they're all going
to be taken out the same way you were.
And the ones that are taken out
are the ones that are effective.
There's a lot of ones that aren't effective.
Most alternative is not effective.
They'll leave them alone, yeah.
But like I said, one doctor said to me,
"We don't care if your patient
"is getting better or worse,
"we only care if you're doing the work
"in a way scientifically."
Basically, don't mess with them.
If you get the patient better,
in a way you don't know,
they will get rid of you because it's competition.
That sounds very limiting
for the future of stem cells.
No, they'll pick up the stem cells.
But they'll pick it up in their US glory fashion.
Not the simple French fashion.
But youre doing the simple French fashion.
And hopefully there are other people
that are popping up that are out there
doing it in a simple French fashion.
There probably are, they're staying quiet.
Again, like a Jewish person in Nazi Germany.
Yeah, gotta be quiet about it.
You can't go against the system.
The system is so controlled
and the way they control it is by insurance
by insurance codes.
And this is why we
do not give insurance codes.
My patients, I tell them straightforward
this is not insurance reimbursable,
you want to get an insurance reimbursement,
you can go to a doctor down the street.
Right.
My business, you pay me for my services.
Yeah.
Okay you pay me my services and that's simple.
But insurance now, everyone gets it for free,
There you go.
That's what they're doing.
As you're being put down the chute.
It's anti competitive, and there's a team of lawyers
that we may go after them for anti trust.
Because it's illegal, what they're doing.
So is this for real?
Might actually stir things up again?
Oh yeah.
I got nothing to lose.
And I do have the head of the National Health Federation
is an attorney, and he's looking to try to get
to see if we can get a team of lawyers
to pull a class action.
I know who you're talking about,
good for you.
On that note, you keep stirring them up.
Also I'm very happy you're getting results
with this since we last talked,
with these porcine stem cells,
that's very exciting.
It's so exciting.
I can't wait for the next patient to come in.
Because I know they're going to walk out that door
Again, thank you so much Harvey.
It's always a pleasure, Regina.
It's always a pleasure, thanks a lot.
To get further background on Harvey's work
with dark field blood analysis
and lyme disease,
please feel free to watch
our other two interviews with him.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(ambient music)